index.md, before:

# Welcome to the class page for Casey Glidewell


#### I am a trans and nonbinary programmer and game designer located in the Pacific northwest. My pronouns are she/her, or they/them

#### My main github home page is located at <https://github.com/ColorInvert>

##### This page was created in Markdown. Read more about Markdown [Here.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/About-Markdown)

##### You can learn more about text editors, IDEs, and file formats [Here.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Choosing-A-Text-Editor)

##### [On the Topic of HTML, and the act of Wireframing](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Html-And-Wireframes)

##### [On the Topic of CSS, and how it interacts with HTML](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/CSS)

##### [On the Topic of Javascript, and making your website respond to user actions.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Javascript)

##### [On the Topic of Functions, and parameters.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Functions)

##### [On the Topic of Loops and Control Flow.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Loops)

##### [On the Topic of Growth Mindset.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Growth-Mindset)

##### [What is Git?](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/What-Is-Git)

Commit message:

updated index in preparation for code 201.

index.md, after:

# Welcome to the updated class page for Casey Glidewell


#### I am a trans and nonbinary programmer and game designer located in the Pacific northwest. My pronouns are she/her, or they/them.

#### My main github home page is located at <https://github.com/ColorInvert>

## Code 201 Reading Notes

> Links for daily reading assignment notes will be filled in as the class progresses.
>
>- Daily reading assignment 1
>- Daily reading assignment 2
>- Daily reading assignment 3
>- Daily reading assignment 4
>- Daily reading assignment 5
>- Daily reading assignment 6
>- Daily reading assignment 7
>- Daily reading assignment 8
>- Daily reading assignment 9
>- Daily reading assignment 10
>- Daily reading assignment 11
>- Daily reading assignment 12
>- Daily reading assignment 13
>- Daily reading assignment 14
>- Daily reading assignment 15


## Archived Code 102 Reading Notes

##### This page was created in Markdown. Read more about Markdown [Here.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/About-Markdown)

##### You can learn more about text editors, IDEs, and file formats [Here.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Choosing-A-Text-Editor)

##### [On the Topic of HTML, and the act of Wireframing](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Html-And-Wireframes)

##### [On the Topic of CSS, and how it interacts with HTML](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/CSS)

##### [On the Topic of Javascript, and making your website respond to user actions.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Javascript)

##### [On the Topic of Functions, and parameters.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Functions)

##### [On the Topic of Loops and Control Flow.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Loops)

##### [On the Topic of Growth Mindset.](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/Growth-Mindset)

##### [What is Git?](https://colorinvert.github.io/reading-notes/What-Is-Git)
